this video is brought to you by three
bringing you 4G at no extra cost hey
guys welcome for B Tech you're probably
wondering why we've got all of that
setup right there well it's because
we're doing a camera test with the
iPhone 6 plus and the iPhone 6 the
iPhone 6 plus eight megapixel sensor
with optical image stabilization the
iPhone 6 eight megapixel sensor without
optical image stabilization the whole
point of this video is helping you
figure out whether or not optical image
stabilization is a must for you as for
what we're going to do we're going to
kick off by taking some pictures in good
lighting all of the pictures are going
to be shared in the description below so
there'll be a link through to that
kicking off with the iPhone 6 we can
move the 6 plus out of the way pull the
iPhone 6 into frame and take our first
picture and that's just going to be an
overview of all of these objects so we
can see how they perform in good
lighting so I'm going to use that shot
as a reference put it to one side and
try and emulate that shot with our
iPhone 6 plus so getting that in there
like so now if we were to switch off
some of the lights getting the coffee
cup in frame and with the iPhone 6 plus
[Music]
now it's worth noting that's something
that you can do in iOS 8 which you might
or might not have seen it before if we
tap on a focal point we can actually
drag our thumb up and that will increase
the exposure we're going to take one a
higher exposure just until we feel the
DSLR which is a black element as most of
the detail pulled out a bit and that's
just about 60-yard percent exposure and
we'll tap on that and then again we'll
try and emulate that on the 6 plus tap
through DSLR up the exposure tap it
again so that it focuses right of the
exposure maybe around there and take
that picture and now you can hardly see
anything in real life indeed if we move
the iPhone out of the way the camera
we're using can't pick it up but the
iPhone 6 looks like it's managing to
pick up a fair bit of detail let's pull
back a little bit more and shoot that
picture
lastly we'll do exactly the same on the
iPhone 6 plus and we are pretty much
done there's one thing that we'd like to
do just because we're pretty geek in
we're guessing you'll want to see how
the macro results bear from both of
these devices so we can pull right up
close to the copy cup and then
illustrate how much blur we'll get in
the DSLR from that F 2.2 lens and you
can see that's the iPhone 6 and will do
exactly the same on the 6 plus that's
going to be there for reference
flipping it round get a little bit
closer there you go now that all the
photos have uploaded to the photo stream
and downloaded on to our iPhone six-plus
we're going to use this as our screen to
illustrate the differences between the
two we're starting off with a photo
taken on that six and this is in good
lighting in case you can't remember now
tapping through the DSLR is a little bit
blurry if we take a look at the coffee
cup though it is bang-on in focus the
reason this is a good thing is because
that background blow comes from that F
2.2 lens and of course a very quick
shutter speed with no optical image
stabilization the camera wanted to take
as quickly as possible to avoid any blur
if we swipe across we can see in the
picture taken on that six-plus looks
significantly more in focus throughout
the focal range and that is because of
the optical image stabilization allowing
a longer shutter speed the foreground is
still very nice and sharp but this time
so too is the background now that my
noir work is well for macro but it's
probably going to be better more
versatile for most types of shots if we
swipe across we can see you have got a
very nice amount of silhouetting on the
foreground element and that SLR looks
very very clean so backlit conditions do
bode well although there isn't a huge
amount of detail in that foreground as
for the Bluetooth speaker again very
nice clean lines and the foreground
object sharp there's less noise than we
would have thought there would be in the
black released according to this screen
swipe across one and you have a lower
contrast shot it's been able to pull out
more detail from the blacks with the six
plus and it's optical image
stabilization it might not look as
impactful but it does look cleaner if we
swipe across we can see the overexposed
artificially overexposed shot on the six
looks very very overblown but it still
managed to grab their bit of detail from
that DSLRs black which is what we were
going for though
isn't the sharpest it has to be said
swiping across this is a significantly
less blown out shop but still once again
lower contrasted less dramatic much much
sharper so our ping low exposure
artificially is something better handled
by the iPhone six-plus swiping across
and this round actually you'll remember
was when all the lights were off and
unfortunately it didn't work because we
had a very blurry shot on the 6 plus
interestingly enough it just didn't
focus on that focal point but if we
swipe across to the end of our photo
stream weary took that shot and we can
talk through the results and it's very
very similar to what we would have
predicted if you take a look you've got
the coffee cup with a fair amount of
grain on it right there the actual lines
surrounding the SLR on super clean and
everything just looks like it's a little
bit subpar but the lights were off its
performs as well as we'd expect high-end
smartphone to perform without optical
image stabilization if we take a look at
the shot taken on the iPhone 6 plus much
much better cleaner lines less grain
throughout the shop and all in all its
performs like a Nokia Lumia type phone
might do where it in these conditions so
jumping quickly through to the last
round which was really that macro shot
and we can take a look we've got the
coffee cup right there this was taken on
the six nice amount of background blur
and the one that we took on the six Plus
sharp foreground nice amount of
background blur so they both perform
well in macro the six plus does perform
tangibly better in low light though you
saw the difference you can see the
difference if you click through on the
links below it might not be the end of
the world for you not having that
optical image stabilization especially
considering all that extra bulk in the 6
plus and of course the extra expenditure
hopefully you found this video useful
hopefully you've also found it
interesting if you have any questions
about the iPhone 6 plus or the iPhone 6
fire them in the comment section below
if you like the video then make sure you
click that like button if you liked be
ticked in general click Subscribe thanks
for watching